Captioning sponsored by
MacNEIL/LEHRER PRODUCTIONS
>> Woodruff: A DISAPPOINTING
NATIONAL JOBS REPORT FOR THE
ECONSD STRAIGHT MONTH.
BUT THERE WERE SIGNS THE
EMPLOYMENT PICTURE WASN'T
AS DREARY AS IT COULD HAVE BEEN.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD.
THE FRONT LINES IN THE FIGHT
AGAINST A.I.D.S.
RESEARCHERS ARE WORKING TO GO
BEYOND CONTROLLING THE DISEASE,
TO FINDING A CURE.
WHAT WE REALLY WANT TO DO IS
MAKE IT SO THAT THE PEOPLE
AROUND THE WORLD, ALL 34 MILLION
OF THEM INFECTED WITHIV,  HCAN
LEAD A DISEASE-FREE LIFE WITHOUT
HAVING TO TAKE ANTI-RETROVIRALS
FOR THE REST OF THEIR LIVES.
AND IT'S FRIDAY...MARK SHIELDS
AND DAVID BROOKS ARE HERE TO
ANALYZE THE WEEK'S NEWS.
THO ARESE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING
ON TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.